hello everyone with you again Masha and today
I will tell you about was a new doll from
goods .
i call models frames and she exactly
crazy height
he did not worry about pawing and carried
hope weird about this filly
You can tell a lot of interesting things.
exactly open mirror itself
will increase
predict the future can pull
their hats white school textbooks
rabbits and tea set
communicates with interfered fog best friends
madonna ray in the darkness and a second like this
huddled in a box
ever after high boxes are very unusual
they are all executed form books a little
curved box made in blue
shades
and on the back of the book are signs of technology
cartoon mandy and the inscription of magicians
hottabych crazy hatter to enter
and a picture of the coat of arms and grew and at least forms
made in the style of the book with no yes sadness
in other words and different pictures on
sheets of the book on the whole goods after high and
pictures
on the other hand different inscriptions in
which says that she loves and knows how to model
profiles find cartoon heroine in full
growth and the rest of the characters that go to
this series of dolls in pro or beat apple
White and Raven Quin
the back of the box table can
the hole in which the stand is mounted with
model comes with stand
comb wonderful handbag shape
teapot it opens
places
of course
because yogini phrase in English
since the doll came straight from
America for Russian-speaking countries dolls
you would surely be clean minecon already on
Russian language
and now I'll tell you about the most in
pupa ever after high
different from the monster we want that skin
he is the same color as people are glad
head a bit bigger
hair find turquoise color
dark purple strands
but
also on the head one hoop lyapko form
cups
not
without
it is from this hat that she gets her
tea set cue white rabbits in the eye
crazy and type of turquoise blue and makeup
town tender in gently pink and purple
color
lipstick mind and the topic is not new color with
she has earrings in her ears
teaspoons of golden flowers on
neck wonderful necklace of blue
Emeralds with a little golden gold
bow clothes me what kind of unusual
as she herself all the clothes are made in
different colors top of the dress
silver on the color of the sphere you're dead and below
bow belt and a wonderful fluffy skirt
foul language
used for silk skirt purple
color with corners and striped materials for
the second part of the flesh
There is also a petticoat with petticoat.
white tights are sequined
in blue garmash which are added
folk magic all his mood
on the feet you have a wonderful first
strained
with an unusual golden heel and
unusual platforms on both hands dressed
wonderful gloves of turquoise colors
white polka dots on the left hand a mercy
raspberry peach
and
Thank you all, we put it on the back
wreath on put your fingers up and wait
my new videos coming soon
9 will fall on the name of the surveys on a
your friends yet